attention the following video is going
to totally kick ass if you enjoy any of
it and/or have a large penis please
click the like button below enjoy
hello everybody KYR speedy here and
today i'm playing some modern warfare 2
1 karna folsom mercenary team deathmatch
just minding my own business running
around my mp5k underneath the castle and
then this guy sitting behind the roller
coaster cart shoots me with his FAL just
not even moving it's the third time he
killed me that game so you know what I
don't really like campers I'm kind of
the kind of guy that wants to run around
even if I'm not killing people just have
a good time just run around the map so
what I'm going to do here I was going to
make sure that I'm able to confuse him
mess with him I really don't care about
killing him at this point so I had
underneath the roller-coaster like I
just did there and then I'm gonna come
up behind him I'm just gonna plop down
right behind him and make sure that I'm
able to mess with this guy so I'm gonna
do is I'm going to shoot him right in
the booty hole and then start why why at
this point it's gonna be hard for him to
find me and you can see him over in the
corner he's gonna run without his
chicken head cut off and he's just he's
just messing around but eventually finds
me so I mean I'm kind of mad at this
point I'm showing no effort to kill him
obviously but he's going to go I'll try
hard and kill me so I mean you really
can't blame it most players are like
that so I'm gonna sit here for 10
seconds I don't know why I'm gonna
fast-forward through it because well I
really don't know why I was sitting
there at this point I guess I wanted to
watch some of the little children play
on the bumper carts unfortunately they
weren't there so what I'm gonna do is I
actually tried to kill him on this life
so I had underneath the castle again and
like an idiot I am he's able to shoot me
down so I'm gonna do something different
this time actually gonna flashbang him
somehow he didn't even see me right here
and you can see my new painkiller there
but that's really not the point so I'm
gonna get underneath the roller coaster
again and now this time you know I don't
want to be there I want to make sure
have some cover this time so I'm gonna
backtrack you know grab some of the
grass over here use it as cover so I'm
gonna shoot him once and he doesn't
acknowledge me this makes me mad I'm not
angry I am angry when someone doesn't
acknowledge my presence I almost shot
with my RPG but I held back I'm gonna
shoot him again and he doesn't fucking
acknowledge me now this really angers me
at this point almost Shawn with my RPG
but I didn't I'm gonna shoot him one
more time it's the first time that's
okay and now this point he still doesn't
give a shit that I'm right behind him
this really angers me so I shoot him one
more time
and then you know I probably would have
killed him if he didn't acknowledge me
one more time but unfortunately he did
find me I really don't care this guy
actually did end up nuking the game he
went 26 now and then he called in his
new crate before the game ended and went
like 3200 or whatever I really don't
care this is just how I have fun
hopefully you guys enjoyed the video
have a great day guys thank you